I'm a dental practice owner. I was doing $1.2 million in revenue. Now it's doing $3 million. Really, my question is, I'm worried mostly what my kids think of me. My daughter's three years old. You know, sometimes I'll come home and she doesn't want to see me. That's whose opinions matter, my daughter and my son. He's six months and it's like, it's guilt. But on the flip side, I want to get this right now. The person I respect most is my dad who was the same way. I mean, he came from nothing. Why don't we ask an and question rather than an or question? What would it take for you to hit your income goal and spend your time that you want to with your kids? I think bringing on an additional associate. OK, what's your profit margin on 3? $1 million. A little bit over, actually. OK, what's the associate cost? $300,000 a year. OK, and how much of your time does that buy back? 30 hours a week. OK, so if the three days that you're like working in the chair, right? Right. OK. So if you don't have to work in the chair anymore and you make $700,000 a year with the extra time of not being in the chair, do you think you can make the $300,000 up? That's question one. Yes. OK, would you be able to, now that you don't have to be in the chair, spend the amount of time that you want to to not feel guilty with your kids? Yes. OK, can I give you a really tactical thing to do? Absolutely. So I would like you to draw a line in the sand. Let's just call it the guilt line where you say that if I spend this amount of time with my kids, I will not allow myself to feel guilty. Whatever that number is, you'll know what that number is, not me. And then you make it a priority, meaning you do that first. My dad, back in the day, so he was a single dad, he wanted to drop me off from school and he wanted to pick me up. And so he did that my whole life. And he made the decision that he would make less money and be off at 2 every day. And he was a doctor. He told me my whole life. He's like, all these people tell me, you could be making more money, but he's like, but then I wouldn't see you. Then why would I want to make more money so that when I'm 80 and I'll never see you, like that I wouldn't, you wouldn't even have known me. Hey, that's awesome advice. Appreciate it.
